---
layout: post
title:  "100 Days of 2018"
date:   2018-04-10 21:05:42 -0700
categories: personal
---
I started out this blog with a post for my New Year's resolutions, and now that it's been 100 days since I made those resolutions, I decided to look back on how I've done at sticking to the commitments I made during New Year's Eve:

1. **Upload to GitHub every day**: So far I've been keeping up, and while I did some other coding assignments, I have mainly been sticking to daily Project Euler problems. By going at a steady rate of one problem a day, I've managed to get through the first two pages of the Project Euler archive, although I'll try to switch my daily coding habit to specifically long-term projects.
2. **Practice on DuoLingo every day**: I've kept up successfully, and I'm on a 101 day streak now, solidly trumping my previous record of 23 days. Going forward, I intend to keep up the streak for as long as I can.
3. **Exercise regularly**: This category has been a bit of a mixed bag. The initial commitment was to exercise twice every three days, and I kept that up for a while, eventually hiking up at a gradual rate to six times a week. However, I got pretty sick over the past week, so I've solidly broken that commitment. Then again, I am getting better, and once I'm feeling healthy again I'll do my best to regain my consistency.
4. **Read two books a month**: Out of all the resolutions I made, this has easily been my most successful. Based on the initial rate I set for myself, I should be at seven books right now, but currently I've finished 11 books in 2018. I don't know if I'll continue writing reviews for all the books I read, but if I do, I have reviews for *Trumpocracy*, *Cat's Cradle*, *Money and Soccer*, and *1984*.

Overall, I think I've done decently with room for improvement, and I intend to keep up my resolutions for a good while longer, at least for the rest of 2018.
